Csp fix xsiam (#19389)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_30_11.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> Fixed an issue in the error handling of ***fetch-events**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in the error handling of ***send_events_to_xsiam**.
```
